README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Advice generator app solution

This is a solution to the [Advice generator app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/advice-generator-app-QdUG-13db). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)


## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- 

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

Add a screenshot of your solution. The easiest way to do this is to use Firefox to view your project, right-click the page and select "Take a Screenshot". You can choose either a full-height screenshot or a cropped one based on how long the page is. If it's very long, it might be best to crop it.

Alternatively, you can use a tool like [FireShot](https://getfireshot.com/) to take the screenshot. FireShot has a free option, so you don't need to purchase it. 

Then crop/optimize/edit your image however you like, add it to your project, and update the file path in the image above.

**Note: Delete this note and the paragraphs above when you add your screenshot. If you prefer not to add a screenshot, feel free to remove this entire section.**

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

Some CSS properties like line-spacing for text, blockquote and hr tags importance for semantic. 

### Continued development

* Try another approach to show a divider and styling.

### Useful resources

- [W3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/) - This helped me dealing with background image styling and glowing effect for the button.
- [CSS tricks](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/simple-and-nice-blockquote-styling/) - Quote styling.

**Note: Delete this note and replace the list above with resources that helped you during the challenge. These could come in handy for anyone viewing your solution or for yourself when you look back on this project in the future.**

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@lArkl](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/lArkl)

Commit message:

updated README and added screenshot

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Advice generator app solution

This is a solution to the [Advice generator app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/advice-generator-app-QdUG-13db). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)


## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- See an advice with ID.
- Get a new advice with ID when pressing the dice button.
- The dice button should glow when pressed.

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.JPG)

### Links

- Solution URL: [https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/advice-generator-app-5NoKuZ_vO](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/advice-generator-app-5NoKuZ_vO)
- Live Site URL: [https://larkl.github.io/fm-advice-generator/](https://larkl.github.io/fm-advice-generator/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

Some CSS properties like line-spacing for text and blockquote tag importance for semantic. 

### Continued development

* Try another approach to show a divider and styling.

### Useful resources

- [W3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/) - This helped me dealing with background image styling and glowing effect for the button.
- [CSS tricks](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/simple-and-nice-blockquote-styling/) - Quote styling.

**Note: Delete this note and replace the list above with resources that helped you during the challenge. These could come in handy for anyone viewing your solution or for yourself when you look back on this project in the future.**

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@lArkl](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/lArkl)
